♪
So, today,
we're at the Intrepid
for CS4All's launch
of Computer Science
Education Week.
So, CS Ed Week
is all about exposure
to computer science
for students.
Introducing kids to
computer science is important
because we want to teach kids
to be the creators
of the technology
that they consume
on a regular basis.
We want to make sure that
all students are doing CS,
so CS Ed Week is all about
teachers being able
to give students opportunities
to see what CS is.
So, how can we move beyond
just playing games,
watching videos, using apps?
How can we get going to the--
into this notion of
participating in that?
Teachers are super excited.
I think the Intrepid
is helping out,
but just the fact
that they're going to get
real support
in this beautiful setting,
I think they're stoked
and ready to go.
Well, I'm excited
about everything.
I want to see what's
the latest technology
available for the classroom,
how I can introduce it
to my students
and make it fun.
One of the most important
things to build with students
is the notion of fearlessness.
It's exciting for them
because it gives them
an opportunity to showcase
their knowledge
and understanding of
what's happening with them.
Actually, I am learning
from my students.
They tend to get it faster
than I do.
That's really easier, right?
♪
Let's get coding.
One of the first things
we're gonna do
is we're gonna talk about
unplugged versus online.
So, we're trying
to introduce teachers
to computer science concepts,
so the foundations
that they would need
to move into any field
of computer science.
It's an opportunity for us
to learn from each other.
Just like when you give
directions to your students,
you have to be very precise
when you give them directions,
same thing when you're giving
directions to a computer.
We have to be very precise
when we're doing this.
So, we learned a lot about,
like, just different things
to make it engaging in class.
Before I came here,
I had a really hard time
implementing computer science
in my class
because the kids are so young,
but now that I came here,
it's just--
I found so many videos,
so many resources
I can take back
to my classroom
and use it with my children.
So, how hard was this?
Do you think your kids
can do it?
So then teachers take this
and put on an event
in their school.
We're hoping for something
that's more like a pep rally
to get kids excited
about computer science.
This is our hackathon.
We do one every year.
This is our second annual one
where the kids get
to design a game.
It's part of
the Computer Science Week.
Well, our game is
kind of like a maze
that a mouse has to get around
and it's, like,
trying to escape the cat.
So, like, the cat
is technically "the bully"
in the situation,
so it kind of relates
to school.
Even if they don't
become programmers
or software engineers,
they'll have more appreciation
of what goes into it.
Sometimes, like, if I mess up,
I'll just start
a whole new one again.
So, I'd start it over
and then I get it.
This is gonna be an event
forever, you know?
It's our second one,
it's bigger and better.
I'm gonna have to top this
somehow next year.
I'm not sure how.
♪
I believe computer science
helps students become
innovative thinkers.
It gives them an opportunity
to problem-solve.
We have many problems that are
going to be approaching us
in this 21st century,
and unless we have
a diverse group
of future young people
thinking about
how to solve those problems,
they will not be solved.
Our purpose of doing this
is to provide
productive citizens
in our society.
I'm interested
in moving forward
into the future with my class.
♪